Department of Computer science and Technology,
Indian Institute of Engineering, Science and Technology, Shibpur,

Introduction To Computing Lab
Assignment - 6

1. Write a C function “int stringLength(char src[])” that finds and returns the length of the null terminated
string src[], that is, the number of characters (excluding the null character) in the parameter src[].
2. Write a C recursive function to compute GCD of two given numbers. The function prototype is as follows:
int Compute GCD(int a,int b), here compute the GCD of a and b and return it to calling function.
3. Write a function that will print the largest word in a line.
4. Write a function that takes a decimal number and base as argument and returns the equivalent number
of the given base.
5. Write a C recursive function to reverse a string. Write the complete C program and display the reversed
string at the calling function.
6. Write a C function to reverse every word of a given string. As, for example, if the input string is “C
Programming Class” output string will be “C gnimmargorP ssalC”.
7. Declare a structure for storing complex numbers. Write a C program that perform the following operations:
a) Read two complex numbers (a+ib). b) add of two complex numbers. c) subtract two complex numbers.
d) multiply two complex numbers.
8. Declare a structure to store the following information of an employee
(a) Employee Code
(b) Employee Name
(c) Salary
(d) Department number
(e) Date of joining (it is itself a structure consisting of day, month and year)
Write a program that can take above informations about 10 employee and Display informations for those
employees whose Salary ≥ 10000.
9. Write a C program to copy one existing file (source file, say file1.txt) into another named file (destination
file, say file2.txt). In this case take file name as input through command line argument. As for example:
$./a.out file1.txt file2.txt
Here the contents of file1.txt have to be copied to file2.txt.
10. Write a C program that can compare two files specified by the user, return a nonzero value if identical
otherwise zero. (such as $cmp file1.txt file2.txt; compare the content of file1.txt and file2.txt if identical
display 1 otherwise 0.)